README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-template

This is a template repo for Terraform Azure Verified Modules.

Things to do:

1. Set up a GitHub repo environment called `test`.
1. Configure environment protection rule to ensure that approval is required before deploying to this environment.
1. Create a user-assigned managed identity in your test subscription.
1. Create a role assignment for the managed identity on your test subscription, use the minimum required role.
1. Configure federated identity credentials on the user assigned managed identity. Use the GitHub environment.
1. Search and update TODOs within the code and remove the TODO comments once complete.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> As the overall AVM framework is not GA (generally available) yet - the CI framework and test automation is not fully functional and implemented across all supported languages yet - breaking changes are expected, and additional customer feedback is yet to be gathered and incorporated. Hence, modules **MUST NOT** be published at version `1.0.0` or higher at this time.
>
> All module **MUST** be published as a pre-release version (e.g., `0.1.0`, `0.1.1`, `0.2.0`, etc.) until the AVM framework becomes GA.
>
> However, it is important to note that this **DOES NOT** mean that the modules cannot be consumed and utilized. They **CAN** be leveraged in all types of environments (dev, test, prod etc.). Consumers can treat them just like any other IaC module and raise issues or feature requests against them as they learn from the usage of the module. Consumers should also read the release notes for each version, if considering updating to a more recent version of a module to see if there are any considerations or breaking changes etc.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_managed_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint_application_security_group_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint_application_security_group_association) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_api_server_profile"></a> [api\_server\_profile](#input\_api\_server\_profile)

Description: API server profile configuration: visibility (Public or Private).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    visibility = string
  })
```

### <a name="input_cluster_profile"></a> [cluster\_profile](#input\_cluster\_profile)

Description: Cluster profile settings: domain, version, optional FIPS, managed RG and pull secret. When `managed_resource_group_name` is omitted the module derives `rg-<var.name>` and links the cluster to that managed resource group.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    domain                      = string
    version                     = string
    fips_enabled                = optional(bool, false)
    managed_resource_group_name = optional(string, null)
    pull_secret                 = optional(string, null)
  })
```

### <a name="input_ingress_profile"></a> [ingress\_profile](#input\_ingress\_profile)

Description: Ingress profile configuration: visibility (Public or Private).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    visibility = string
  })
```

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_main_profile"></a> [main\_profile](#input\_main\_profile)

Description: Master (control plane) profile: subnet id, vm size and optional encryption settings.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    subnet_id                  = string
    vm_size                    = string
    disk_encryption_set_id     = optional(string, null)
    encryption_at_host_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the ARO cluster resource. Must be 5-50 chars, lowercase letters, numbers or hyphens, start/end with alphanumeric.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_profile"></a> [network\_profile](#input\_network\_profile)

Description: Network profile: pod/service CIDRs, outbound type and optional preconfigured NSG flag.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    pod_cidr                                     = string
    service_cidr                                 = string
    outbound_type                                = optional(string, null) # Loadbalancer | UserDefinedRouting
    preconfigured_network_security_group_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_worker_profile"></a> [worker\_profile](#input\_worker\_profile)

Description: Worker node pool profile: sizing and encryption options.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    subnet_id                  = string
    vm_size                    = string
    node_count                 = number
    disk_size_gb               = number
    disk_encryption_set_id     = optional(string, null)
    encryption_at_host_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_platform_workload_identities"></a> [platform\_workload\_identities](#input\_platform\_workload\_identities)

Description: Defines the platform workload managed identities associated with the cluster. Keys must match the operator names expected by Azure Red Hat OpenShift (for example `cloud-controller-manager`).
- `resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the user-assigned managed identity.
- `federated_identity_client_id` - (Optional) Overrides the federated credential client ID associated with the workload identity when required.
- `federated_service_account_name` - (Optional) Future-proof field to describe the service account name linked to the identity (not sent to the API).
- `federated_service_account_ns` - (Optional) Future-proof field to describe the namespace of the service account linked to the identity (not sent to the API).

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    resource_id                    = string
    federated_identity_client_id   = optional(string, null)
    federated_service_account_name = optional(string, null)
    federated_service_account_ns   = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on this resource.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_service_principal"></a> [service\_principal](#input\_service\_principal)

Description: Service principal credentials used by the ARO cluster. Provide when deploying with a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    client_id     = string
    client_secret = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Resource operation timeouts for create, read, update, delete (e.g. 120m). Optional.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, null)
    read   = optional(string, null)
    update = optional(string, null)
    delete = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#output\_private\_endpoints)

Description:   A map of the private endpoints created.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: This is the full output for the Red Hat OpenShift cluster resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Red Hat OpenShift cluster.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: update service principal variable to be optional and add client ID variable for ARO

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-template

This is a template repo for Terraform Azure Verified Modules.

Things to do:

1. Set up a GitHub repo environment called `test`.
1. Configure environment protection rule to ensure that approval is required before deploying to this environment.
1. Create a user-assigned managed identity in your test subscription.
1. Create a role assignment for the managed identity on your test subscription, use the minimum required role.
1. Configure federated identity credentials on the user assigned managed identity. Use the GitHub environment.
1. Search and update TODOs within the code and remove the TODO comments once complete.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> As the overall AVM framework is not GA (generally available) yet - the CI framework and test automation is not fully functional and implemented across all supported languages yet - breaking changes are expected, and additional customer feedback is yet to be gathered and incorporated. Hence, modules **MUST NOT** be published at version `1.0.0` or higher at this time.
>
> All module **MUST** be published as a pre-release version (e.g., `0.1.0`, `0.1.1`, `0.2.0`, etc.) until the AVM framework becomes GA.
>
> However, it is important to note that this **DOES NOT** mean that the modules cannot be consumed and utilized. They **CAN** be leveraged in all types of environments (dev, test, prod etc.). Consumers can treat them just like any other IaC module and raise issues or feature requests against them as they learn from the usage of the module. Consumers should also read the release notes for each version, if considering updating to a more recent version of a module to see if there are any considerations or breaking changes etc.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_managed_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint_application_security_group_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint_application_security_group_association) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_api_server_profile"></a> [api\_server\_profile](#input\_api\_server\_profile)

Description: API server profile configuration: visibility (Public or Private).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    visibility = string
  })
```

### <a name="input_cluster_profile"></a> [cluster\_profile](#input\_cluster\_profile)

Description: Cluster profile settings: domain, version, optional FIPS, managed RG and pull secret. When `managed_resource_group_name` is omitted the module derives `rg-<var.name>` and links the cluster to that managed resource group.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    domain                      = string
    version                     = string
    fips_enabled                = optional(bool, false)
    managed_resource_group_name = optional(string, null)
    pull_secret                 = optional(string, null)
  })
```

### <a name="input_ingress_profile"></a> [ingress\_profile](#input\_ingress\_profile)

Description: Ingress profile configuration: visibility (Public or Private).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    visibility = string
  })
```

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_main_profile"></a> [main\_profile](#input\_main\_profile)

Description: Master (control plane) profile: subnet id, vm size and optional encryption settings.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    subnet_id                  = string
    vm_size                    = string
    disk_encryption_set_id     = optional(string, null)
    encryption_at_host_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the ARO cluster resource. Must be 5-50 chars, lowercase letters, numbers or hyphens, start/end with alphanumeric.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_profile"></a> [network\_profile](#input\_network\_profile)

Description: Network profile: pod/service CIDRs, outbound type and optional preconfigured NSG flag.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    pod_cidr                                     = string
    service_cidr                                 = string
    outbound_type                                = optional(string, null) # Loadbalancer | UserDefinedRouting
    preconfigured_network_security_group_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_worker_profile"></a> [worker\_profile](#input\_worker\_profile)

Description: Worker node pool profile: sizing and encryption options.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    subnet_id                  = string
    vm_size                    = string
    node_count                 = number
    disk_size_gb               = number
    disk_encryption_set_id     = optional(string, null)
    encryption_at_host_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_platform_workload_identities"></a> [platform\_workload\_identities](#input\_platform\_workload\_identities)

Description: Defines the platform workload managed identities associated with the cluster. Keys must match the operator names expected by Azure Red Hat OpenShift (for example `cloud-controller-manager`).
- `resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the user-assigned managed identity.
- `federated_identity_client_id` - (Optional) Overrides the federated credential client ID associated with the workload identity when required.
- `federated_service_account_name` - (Optional) Future-proof field to describe the service account name linked to the identity (not sent to the API).
- `federated_service_account_ns` - (Optional) Future-proof field to describe the namespace of the service account linked to the identity (not sent to the API).

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    resource_id                    = string
    federated_identity_client_id   = optional(string, null)
    federated_service_account_name = optional(string, null)
    federated_service_account_ns   = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on this resource.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_service_principal"></a> [service\_principal](#input\_service\_principal)

Description: Service principal credentials used by the ARO cluster. This variable is now optional and defaults to null.  
If you previously relied on this being required, update your configuration to explicitly set service\_principal if needed.  
For migration guidance, see the module documentation.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    client_id     = string
    client_secret = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Resource operation timeouts for create, read, update, delete (e.g. 120m). Optional.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, null)
    read   = optional(string, null)
    update = optional(string, null)
    delete = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#output\_private\_endpoints)

Description:   A map of the private endpoints created.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: This is the full output for the Red Hat OpenShift cluster resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Red Hat OpenShift cluster.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
