examples/managed-identities/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Managed identities example

This example provisions Azure Red Hat OpenShift configured to use the managed identity preview feature and assigns the required operator identities.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.5"

  required_providers {
    azuread = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azuread"
      version = "~> 2.15"
    }
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}

provider "azuread" {}

data "azurerm_client_config" "current" {}

data "azuread_service_principal" "aro_rp" {
  # Azure Red Hat OpenShift resource provider service principal
  client_id = "f1dd0a37-89c6-4e07-bcd1-ffd3d43d8875"
}

## Section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group
# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
module "regions" {
  source  = "Azure/regions/azurerm"
  version = "0.8.2"
}

# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
resource "random_integer" "region_index" {
  max = length(local.allowed_regions) - 1
  min = 0
}

# Filter regions to only those that support ARO
locals {
  allowed_regions = [
    for region in module.regions.regions :
    region if contains([
      "East US",
      "East US 2",
      "West US 2",
      "Central US",
      "West Europe",
      "North Europe",
      "UK South",
      "France Central",
      "Australia East",
      "Southeast Asia"
    ], region.display_name)
  ]
  platform_identity_names = [
    "aro-operator",
    "cloud-controller-manager",
    "cloud-network-config",
    "disk-csi-driver",
    "file-csi-driver",
    "image-registry",
    "ingress",
    "machine-api"
  ]
  platform_network_role_bindings = {
    "aro-operator" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Service Operator"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
    "cloud-controller-manager" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Cloud Controller Manager"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
    "cloud-network-config" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Network Operator"
      scopes = {
        vnet = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
      }
    }
    "file-csi-driver" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift File Storage Operator"
      scopes = {
        vnet = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
      }
    }
    "image-registry" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Image Registry Operator"
      scopes = {
        vnet = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
      }
    }
    "ingress" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Ingress Operator"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
    "machine-api" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Machine API Operator"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
  }
}
## End of section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group

# This ensures we have unique CAF compliant names for our resources.
module "naming" {
  source  = "Azure/naming/azurerm"
  version = "0.4.2"
}

# Short seed + derived ARO identifiers to satisfy name length validation
locals {
  aro_cluster_domain = "aro${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_cluster_name   = "aro-${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_seed_raw       = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
  aro_seed_short     = substr(replace(local.aro_seed_raw, "rg-", ""), 0, 12)
}

# This is required for resource modules
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "this" {
  location = local.allowed_regions[random_integer.region_index.result].name
  name     = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
}

# Create a virtual network for the ARO cluster
resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "this" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = module.naming.virtual_network.name_unique
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/22"]
}

# Create subnet for master nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "master" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.0.0/23"]
  name                                          = "master-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

# Create subnet for worker nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "worker" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.2.0/24"]
  name                                          = "worker-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

resource "azurerm_user_assigned_identity" "cluster" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = "aro-cluster"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
}

resource "azurerm_user_assigned_identity" "platform" {
  for_each = toset(local.platform_identity_names)

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = each.value
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
}

# The cluster identity must be able to issue federated credentials for each operator identity
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "cluster_over_platform" {
  for_each = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform

  principal_id                     = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.cluster.principal_id
  scope                            = each.value.id
  principal_type                   = "ServicePrincipal"
  role_definition_name             = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Federated Credential"
  skip_service_principal_aad_check = true
}

# Grant each operator identity the minimum role on the required network scope
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "platform_network" {
  for_each = {
    for binding in flatten([
      for identity_key, value in local.platform_network_role_bindings : [
        for scope_key, scope_id in value.scopes : {
          identity_key         = identity_key
          scope_key            = scope_key
          role_definition_name = value.role_definition_name
          scope                = scope_id
          key                  = format("%s-%s", identity_key, scope_key)
        }
      ]
    ]) : binding.key => binding
  }

  principal_id                     = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform[each.value.identity_key].principal_id
  scope                            = each.value.scope
  principal_type                   = "ServicePrincipal"
  role_definition_name             = each.value.role_definition_name
  skip_service_principal_aad_check = true
}

# Ensure the Azure Red Hat OpenShift RP retains access to the network
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "rp_network_contributor" {
  principal_id                     = data.azuread_service_principal.aro_rp.object_id
  scope                            = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  principal_type                   = "ServicePrincipal"
  role_definition_name             = "Network Contributor"
  skip_service_principal_aad_check = true
}

# This is the module call
module "aro_cluster" {
  source = "../../"

  api_server_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  cluster_profile = {
    domain  = local.aro_cluster_domain
    version = "4.16.39"
  }
  ingress_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  location = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  main_profile = {
    subnet_id = azurerm_subnet.master.id
    vm_size   = "Standard_D8s_v3"
  }
  name = local.aro_cluster_name
  network_profile = {
    pod_cidr     = "10.128.0.0/14"
    service_cidr = "172.30.0.0/16"
  }
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  worker_profile = {
    subnet_id    = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
    vm_size      = "Standard_D4s_v3"
    node_count   = 3
    disk_size_gb = 128
  }
  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  managed_identities = {
    user_assigned_resource_ids = toset([
      azurerm_user_assigned_identity.cluster.id
    ])
  }
  platform_workload_identities = {
    for name, identity in azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform : name => {
      resource_id = identity.id
    }
  }
  timeouts = {
    create = "120m"
    delete = "120m"
    update = "120m"
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.cluster_over_platform,
    azurerm_role_assignment.platform_network,
    azurerm_role_assignment.rp_network_contributor,
  ]
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azuread"></a> [azuread](#requirement\_azuread) (~> 2.15)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.cluster_over_platform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.platform_network](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.rp_network_contributor](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.master](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.worker](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) (resource)
- [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_integer.region_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/integer) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal.aro_rp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/service_principal) (data source)
- [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

## Outputs

No outputs.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_aro_cluster"></a> [aro\_cluster](#module\_aro\_cluster)

Source: ../../

Version:

### <a name="module_naming"></a> [naming](#module\_naming)

Source: Azure/naming/azurerm

Version: 0.4.2

### <a name="module_regions"></a> [regions](#module\_regions)

Source: Azure/regions/azurerm

Version: 0.8.2

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: update service principal variable to be optional and add client ID variable for ARO

examples/managed-identities/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Managed identities example

This example provisions Azure Red Hat OpenShift configured to use the managed identity preview feature and assigns the required operator identities.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.5"

  required_providers {
    azuread = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azuread"
      version = "~> 2.15"
    }
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}

provider "azuread" {}

data "azurerm_client_config" "current" {}


data "azuread_service_principal" "aro_rp" {
  # Azure Red Hat OpenShift resource provider service principal
  client_id = var.aro_rp_client_id
}

## Section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group
# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
module "regions" {
  source  = "Azure/regions/azurerm"
  version = "0.8.2"
}

# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
resource "random_integer" "region_index" {
  max = length(local.allowed_regions) - 1
  min = 0
}

# Filter regions to only those that support ARO
locals {
  allowed_regions = [
    for region in module.regions.regions :
    region if contains([
      "East US",
      "East US 2",
      "West US 2",
      "Central US",
      "West Europe",
      "North Europe",
      "UK South",
      "France Central",
      "Australia East",
      "Southeast Asia"
    ], region.display_name)
  ]
  platform_identity_names = [
    "aro-operator",
    "cloud-controller-manager",
    "cloud-network-config",
    "disk-csi-driver",
    "file-csi-driver",
    "image-registry",
    "ingress",
    "machine-api"
  ]
  platform_network_role_bindings = {
    "aro-operator" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Service Operator"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
    "cloud-controller-manager" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Cloud Controller Manager"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
    "cloud-network-config" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Network Operator"
      scopes = {
        vnet = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
      }
    }
    "file-csi-driver" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift File Storage Operator"
      scopes = {
        vnet = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
      }
    }
    "image-registry" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Image Registry Operator"
      scopes = {
        vnet = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
      }
    }
    "ingress" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Ingress Operator"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
    "machine-api" = {
      role_definition_name = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Machine API Operator"
      scopes = {
        master = azurerm_subnet.master.id
        worker = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
      }
    }
  }
}
## End of section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group

# This ensures we have unique CAF compliant names for our resources.
module "naming" {
  source  = "Azure/naming/azurerm"
  version = "0.4.2"
}

# Short seed + derived ARO identifiers to satisfy name length validation
locals {
  aro_cluster_domain = "aro${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_cluster_name   = "aro-${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_seed_raw       = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
  aro_seed_short     = substr(replace(local.aro_seed_raw, "rg-", ""), 0, 12)
}

# This is required for resource modules
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "this" {
  location = local.allowed_regions[random_integer.region_index.result].name
  name     = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
}

# Create a virtual network for the ARO cluster
resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "this" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = module.naming.virtual_network.name_unique
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/22"]
}

# Create subnet for master nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "master" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.0.0/23"]
  name                                          = "master-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

# Create subnet for worker nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "worker" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.2.0/24"]
  name                                          = "worker-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

resource "azurerm_user_assigned_identity" "cluster" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = "aro-cluster"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
}

resource "azurerm_user_assigned_identity" "platform" {
  for_each = toset(local.platform_identity_names)

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = each.value
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
}

# The cluster identity must be able to issue federated credentials for each operator identity
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "cluster_over_platform" {
  for_each = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform

  principal_id                     = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.cluster.principal_id
  scope                            = each.value.id
  principal_type                   = "ServicePrincipal"
  role_definition_name             = "Azure Red Hat OpenShift Federated Credential"
  skip_service_principal_aad_check = true
}

# Grant each operator identity the minimum role on the required network scope
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "platform_network" {
  for_each = {
    for binding in flatten([
      for identity_key, value in local.platform_network_role_bindings : [
        for scope_key, scope_id in value.scopes : {
          identity_key         = identity_key
          scope_key            = scope_key
          role_definition_name = value.role_definition_name
          scope                = scope_id
          key                  = format("%s-%s", identity_key, scope_key)
        }
      ]
    ]) : binding.key => binding
  }

  principal_id                     = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform[each.value.identity_key].principal_id
  scope                            = each.value.scope
  principal_type                   = "ServicePrincipal"
  role_definition_name             = each.value.role_definition_name
  skip_service_principal_aad_check = true
}

# Ensure the Azure Red Hat OpenShift RP retains access to the network
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "rp_network_contributor" {
  principal_id                     = data.azuread_service_principal.aro_rp.object_id
  scope                            = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  principal_type                   = "ServicePrincipal"
  role_definition_name             = "Network Contributor"
  skip_service_principal_aad_check = true
}

# This is the module call
module "aro_cluster" {
  source = "../../"

  api_server_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  cluster_profile = {
    domain  = local.aro_cluster_domain
    version = "4.16.39"
  }
  ingress_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  location = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  main_profile = {
    subnet_id = azurerm_subnet.master.id
    vm_size   = "Standard_D8s_v3"
  }
  name = local.aro_cluster_name
  network_profile = {
    pod_cidr     = "10.128.0.0/14"
    service_cidr = "172.30.0.0/16"
  }
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  worker_profile = {
    subnet_id    = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
    vm_size      = "Standard_D4s_v3"
    node_count   = 3
    disk_size_gb = 128
  }
  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  managed_identities = {
    user_assigned_resource_ids = toset([
      azurerm_user_assigned_identity.cluster.id
    ])
  }
  platform_workload_identities = {
    for name, identity in azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform : name => {
      resource_id = identity.id
    }
  }
  timeouts = {
    create = "120m"
    delete = "120m"
    update = "120m"
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.cluster_over_platform,
    azurerm_role_assignment.platform_network,
    azurerm_role_assignment.rp_network_contributor,
  ]
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azuread"></a> [azuread](#requirement\_azuread) (~> 2.15)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.cluster_over_platform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.platform_network](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.rp_network_contributor](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.master](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.worker](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) (resource)
- [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.platform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_integer.region_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/integer) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal.aro_rp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/service_principal) (data source)
- [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_aro_rp_client_id"></a> [aro\_rp\_client\_id](#input\_aro\_rp\_client\_id)

Description: Azure Red Hat OpenShift resource provider service principal client ID

Type: `string`

Default: `"f1dd0a37-89c6-4e07-bcd1-ffd3d43d8875"`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

## Outputs

No outputs.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_aro_cluster"></a> [aro\_cluster](#module\_aro\_cluster)

Source: ../../

Version:

### <a name="module_naming"></a> [naming](#module\_naming)

Source: Azure/naming/azurerm

Version: 0.4.2

### <a name="module_regions"></a> [regions](#module\_regions)

Source: Azure/regions/azurerm

Version: 0.8.2

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
