examples/default/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Default example

This deploys an Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO) cluster in its simplest form with all required dependencies:
- Virtual network with dedicated subnets for master and worker nodes
- Service principal with appropriate permissions
- Public API server and ingress endpoints
- Standard VM sizes suitable for development/testing

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.5"

  required_providers {
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}

locals {
  deployment_region = "westus"
}

resource "random_string" "suffix" {
  length  = 8
  special = false
  upper   = false
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "this" {
  location = local.deployment_region
  name     = "aro-rg-${random_string.suffix.result}"
}

resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "this" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = "aro-vnet-${random_string.suffix.result}"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/23"] # Match portal template: smaller address space
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "main_subnet" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.0.0/27"]
  name                                          = "master-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "worker_subnet" {
  address_prefixes     = ["10.0.0.128/25"]
  name                 = "worker-subnet"
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  service_endpoints    = ["Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

# Service principal for ARO cluster - must be provided via variables
# In CI/CD environments, create the service principal externally and pass the values
# Example: terraform apply -var="service_principal_client_id=<your-client-id>" -var="service_principal_client_secret=<your-secret>"

# Optional role assignment for ARO service principal on VNet
# Only created if service_principal_object_id is provided
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "role_network1" {
  count = var.service_principal_object_id != null ? 1 : 0

  principal_id         = var.service_principal_object_id
  scope                = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  role_definition_name = "Network Contributor"
}

module "aro_cluster" {
  source = "../../"

  api_server_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  cluster_profile = {
    domain                      = "aro${random_string.suffix.result}"
    version                     = "4.14.16"
    fips_enabled                = false
    managed_resource_group_name = null
    pull_secret                 = null
  }
  ingress_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  location = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  main_profile = {
    vm_size                    = "Standard_D8s_v3"
    subnet_id                  = azurerm_subnet.main_subnet.id
    disk_encryption_set_id     = null
    encryption_at_host_enabled = false
  }
  name = "aro-cluster-${random_string.suffix.result}"
  network_profile = {
    pod_cidr     = "10.128.0.0/14"
    service_cidr = "172.30.0.0/16"
  }
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  worker_profile = {
    vm_size                    = "Standard_D4s_v3"
    disk_size_gb               = 128
    node_count                 = 3
    subnet_id                  = azurerm_subnet.worker_subnet.id
    disk_encryption_set_id     = null
    encryption_at_host_enabled = false
  }
  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  # service_principal is optional - if not provided, ARO will auto-create one
  service_principal = var.service_principal_client_id != null && var.service_principal_client_secret != null ? {
    client_id     = var.service_principal_client_id
    client_secret = var.service_principal_client_secret
  } : null
  timeouts = {
    create = "120m"
    delete = "120m"
    update = "120m"
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.role_network1,
  ]
}

```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.role_network1](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.main_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.worker_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_string.suffix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_service_principal_client_id"></a> [service\_principal\_client\_id](#input\_service\_principal\_client\_id)

Description: The client ID of the service principal for the ARO cluster.
If not provided, ARO will auto-create a service principal during deployment.
Note: Auto-creation requires the deploying identity to have Azure AD permissions.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_service_principal_client_secret"></a> [service\_principal\_client\_secret](#input\_service\_principal\_client\_secret)

Description: The client secret of the service principal for the ARO cluster.
Required only if service\_principal\_client\_id is provided.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_service_principal_object_id"></a> [service\_principal\_object\_id](#input\_service\_principal\_object\_id)

Description: The object ID of the service principal for the ARO cluster.
If provided, a Network Contributor role assignment will be created on the VNet.
If not provided, you must ensure the service principal has the necessary permissions manually.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_console_url"></a> [console\_url](#output\_console\_url)

Description: The URL of the OpenShift console

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_aro_cluster"></a> [aro\_cluster](#module\_aro\_cluster)

Source: ../../

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: add resource provider registrations for ARO deployment in README

examples/default/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Default example

This deploys an Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO) cluster in its simplest form with all required dependencies:
- Virtual network with dedicated subnets for master and worker nodes
- Service principal with appropriate permissions
- Public API server and ingress endpoints
- Standard VM sizes suitable for development/testing

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.5"

  required_providers {
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}

# Register required resource providers for ARO deployment
resource "azurerm_resource_provider_registration" "redhatopenshift" {
  name = "Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift"
}

resource "azurerm_resource_provider_registration" "compute" {
  name = "Microsoft.Compute"
}

resource "azurerm_resource_provider_registration" "storage" {
  name = "Microsoft.Storage"
}

resource "azurerm_resource_provider_registration" "authorization" {
  name = "Microsoft.Authorization"
}

locals {
  deployment_region = "westus"
}

resource "random_string" "suffix" {
  length  = 8
  special = false
  upper   = false
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "this" {
  location = local.deployment_region
  name     = "aro-rg-${random_string.suffix.result}"
}

resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "this" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = "aro-vnet-${random_string.suffix.result}"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/23"] # Match portal template: smaller address space
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "main_subnet" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.0.0/27"]
  name                                          = "master-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "worker_subnet" {
  address_prefixes     = ["10.0.0.128/25"]
  name                 = "worker-subnet"
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  service_endpoints    = ["Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

# Service principal for ARO cluster - must be provided via variables
# In CI/CD environments, create the service principal externally and pass the values
# Example: terraform apply -var="service_principal_client_id=<your-client-id>" -var="service_principal_client_secret=<your-secret>"

# Optional role assignment for ARO service principal on VNet
# Only created if service_principal_object_id is provided
resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "role_network1" {
  count = var.service_principal_object_id != null ? 1 : 0

  principal_id         = var.service_principal_object_id
  scope                = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  role_definition_name = "Network Contributor"
}

module "aro_cluster" {
  source = "../../"

  api_server_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  cluster_profile = {
    domain                      = "aro${random_string.suffix.result}"
    version                     = "4.14.16"
    fips_enabled                = false
    managed_resource_group_name = null
    pull_secret                 = null
  }
  ingress_profile = {
    visibility = "Public"
  }
  location = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  main_profile = {
    vm_size                    = "Standard_D8s_v3"
    subnet_id                  = azurerm_subnet.main_subnet.id
    disk_encryption_set_id     = null
    encryption_at_host_enabled = false
  }
  name = "aro-cluster-${random_string.suffix.result}"
  network_profile = {
    pod_cidr     = "10.128.0.0/14"
    service_cidr = "172.30.0.0/16"
  }
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  worker_profile = {
    vm_size                    = "Standard_D4s_v3"
    disk_size_gb               = 128
    node_count                 = 3
    subnet_id                  = azurerm_subnet.worker_subnet.id
    disk_encryption_set_id     = null
    encryption_at_host_enabled = false
  }
  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  # service_principal is optional - if not provided, ARO will auto-create one
  service_principal = var.service_principal_client_id != null && var.service_principal_client_secret != null ? {
    client_id     = var.service_principal_client_id
    client_secret = var.service_principal_client_secret
  } : null
  timeouts = {
    create = "120m"
    delete = "120m"
    update = "120m"
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.role_network1,
  ]
}

```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_provider_registration.authorization](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_provider_registration) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_provider_registration.compute](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_provider_registration) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_provider_registration.redhatopenshift](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_provider_registration) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_provider_registration.storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_provider_registration) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.role_network1](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.main_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.worker_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_string.suffix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_service_principal_client_id"></a> [service\_principal\_client\_id](#input\_service\_principal\_client\_id)

Description: The client ID of the service principal for the ARO cluster.  
If not provided, ARO will auto-create a service principal during deployment.  
Note: Auto-creation requires the deploying identity to have Azure AD permissions.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_service_principal_client_secret"></a> [service\_principal\_client\_secret](#input\_service\_principal\_client\_secret)

Description: The client secret of the service principal for the ARO cluster.  
Required only if service\_principal\_client\_id is provided.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_service_principal_object_id"></a> [service\_principal\_object\_id](#input\_service\_principal\_object\_id)

Description: The object ID of the service principal for the ARO cluster.  
If provided, a Network Contributor role assignment will be created on the VNet.  
If not provided, you must ensure the service principal has the necessary permissions manually.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_console_url"></a> [console\_url](#output\_console\_url)

Description: The URL of the OpenShift console

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_aro_cluster"></a> [aro\_cluster](#module\_aro\_cluster)

Source: ../../

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
