examples/private/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
---
title: "Private example"
description: "Private example usage for the Azure Red Hat OpenShift module. This file is required for docs generation."
---

This example shows a private-environment configuration for testing and should not be used in production.
# Private example

This folder contains the private example for deploying ARO in a restricted sandbox. It is intentionally minimal and some resources may be gated by management group policies; the pre-commit tooling expects this header file to exist.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.5"

  required_providers {
    azuread = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azuread"
      version = "~> 2.15"
    }
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}

provider "azuread" {}

## Section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group
# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
module "regions" {
  source  = "Azure/regions/azurerm"
  version = "0.8.2"
}

# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
resource "random_integer" "region_index" {
  max = length(local.allowed_regions) - 1
  min = 0
}

#Filter regions to only those that support ARO
locals {
  # ARO is available in these regions as of 2024
  allowed_regions = [
    for region in module.regions.regions :
    region if contains([
      "East US",
      "East US 2",
      "West US 2",
      "Central US",
      "West Europe",
      "North Europe",
      "UK South",
      "France Central",
      "Australia East",
      "Southeast Asia"
    ], region.display_name)
  ]
}
## End of section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group

# This ensures we have unique CAF compliant names for our resources.
module "naming" {
  source  = "Azure/naming/azurerm"
  version = "0.4.2"
}

# Short seed + derived ARO identifiers to satisfy name length validation
locals {
  aro_cluster_domain = "aro${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_cluster_name   = "aro-${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_seed_raw       = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
  aro_seed_short     = substr(replace(local.aro_seed_raw, "rg-", ""), 0, 12)
}

# This is required for resource modules
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "this" {
  # location = local.allowed_regions[random_integer.region_index.result].name
  location = "eastasia"
  name     = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
}

# Create a virtual network for the ARO cluster
resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "this" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = module.naming.virtual_network.name_unique
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/22"]
}

# Create subnet for master nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "master" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.0.0/23"]
  name                                          = "master-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

# Create subnet for worker nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "worker" {
  # Avoid overlap with master 10.0.0.0/23; pick next free /24
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.2.0/24"]
  name                                          = "worker-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

## Create application for service principal (was commented out)
resource "azuread_application" "aro" {
  display_name = "aro-${module.naming.unique-seed}"
}

resource "azuread_service_principal" "aro" {
  client_id = azuread_application.aro.client_id
}

resource "azuread_service_principal_password" "aro" {
  service_principal_id = azuread_service_principal.aro.object_id
}

data "azuread_service_principal" "redhatopenshift" {
  # This is the Azure Red Hat OpenShift RP service principal id, do NOT delete it
  client_id = "f1dd0a37-89c6-4e07-bcd1-ffd3d43d8875"
}


# Assign required permissions to the service principal

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "aro_nw_contributor" {
  principal_id         = azuread_service_principal.aro.object_id
  scope                = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  role_definition_name = "Network Contributor"
}

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "aro_nw_contributor2" {
  principal_id         = data.azuread_service_principal.redhatopenshift.object_id
  scope                = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  role_definition_name = "Network Contributor"
}



# This is the module call
module "aro_cluster" {
  source = "../../"

  # API server configuration
  api_server_profile = {
    visibility = "Private"
  }
  # Cluster configuration
  cluster_profile = {
    domain  = local.aro_cluster_domain
    version = "4.16.39" # Adjust as needed
  }
  # Ingress configuration
  ingress_profile = {
    visibility = "Private"
  }
  # Basic configuration
  location = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  # Master node configuration
  main_profile = {
    subnet_id = azurerm_subnet.master.id
    vm_size   = "Standard_D8s_v3"
  }
  name = local.aro_cluster_name
  # Network configuration
  network_profile = {
    pod_cidr     = "10.128.0.0/14"
    service_cidr = "172.30.0.0/16"
  }
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  # Worker node configuration
  worker_profile = {
    subnet_id    = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
    vm_size      = "Standard_D4s_v3"
    node_count   = 3
    disk_size_gb = 128
  }
  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  # Service principal configuration
  service_principal = {
    client_id     = azuread_application.aro.client_id
    client_secret = azuread_service_principal_password.aro.value
  }
  # Timeouts
  timeouts = {
    create = "120m"
    delete = "120m"
    update = "120m"
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor,
    azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor2,
  ]
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azuread"></a> [azuread](#requirement\_azuread) (~> 2.15)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azuread_application.aro](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/application) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal.aro](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal_password.aro](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal_password) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.master](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.worker](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_integer.region_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/integer) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal.redhatopenshift](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/service_principal) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

## Outputs

No outputs.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_aro_cluster"></a> [aro\_cluster](#module\_aro\_cluster)

Source: ../../

Version:

### <a name="module_naming"></a> [naming](#module\_naming)

Source: Azure/naming/azurerm

Version: 0.4.2

### <a name="module_regions"></a> [regions](#module\_regions)

Source: Azure/regions/azurerm

Version: 0.8.2

---
title: ""
---

> Private example footer. This file exists to satisfy the docs generator.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

chore: update README for private example to enhance clarity and remove outdated information

examples/private/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Private example

This example provisions Azure Red Hat OpenShift configured to deploy privately with no public endpoint.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.5"

  required_providers {
    azuread = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azuread"
      version = "~> 2.15"
    }
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "~> 4.0"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

provider "azurerm" {
  features {
    resource_group {
      prevent_deletion_if_contains_resources = false
    }
  }
}

provider "azuread" {}

## Section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group
# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
module "regions" {
  source  = "Azure/regions/azurerm"
  version = "0.8.2"
}

# This allows us to randomize the region for the resource group.
resource "random_integer" "region_index" {
  max = length(local.allowed_regions) - 1
  min = 0
}

#Filter regions to only those that support ARO
locals {
  # ARO is available in these regions as of 2024
  allowed_regions = [
    for region in module.regions.regions :
    region if contains([
      "East US",
      "East US 2",
      "West US 2",
      "Central US",
      "West Europe",
      "North Europe",
      "UK South",
      "France Central",
      "Australia East",
      "Southeast Asia"
    ], region.display_name)
  ]
}
## End of section to provide a random Azure region for the resource group

# This ensures we have unique CAF compliant names for our resources.
module "naming" {
  source  = "Azure/naming/azurerm"
  version = "0.4.2"
}

# Short seed + derived ARO identifiers to satisfy name length validation
locals {
  aro_cluster_domain = "aro${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_cluster_name   = "aro-${local.aro_seed_short}"
  aro_seed_raw       = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
  aro_seed_short     = substr(replace(local.aro_seed_raw, "rg-", ""), 0, 12)
}

# This is required for resource modules
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "this" {
  # location = local.allowed_regions[random_integer.region_index.result].name
  location = "eastasia"
  name     = module.naming.resource_group.name_unique
}

# Create a virtual network for the ARO cluster
resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "this" {
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  name                = module.naming.virtual_network.name_unique
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/22"]
}

# Create subnet for master nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "master" {
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.0.0/23"]
  name                                          = "master-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

# Create subnet for worker nodes
resource "azurerm_subnet" "worker" {
  # Avoid overlap with master 10.0.0.0/23; pick next free /24
  address_prefixes                              = ["10.0.2.0/24"]
  name                                          = "worker-subnet"
  resource_group_name                           = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  virtual_network_name                          = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = false
  service_endpoints                             = ["Microsoft.Storage", "Microsoft.ContainerRegistry"]
}

## Create application for service principal (was commented out)
resource "azuread_application" "aro" {
  display_name = "aro-${module.naming.unique-seed}"
}

resource "azuread_service_principal" "aro" {
  client_id = azuread_application.aro.client_id
}

resource "azuread_service_principal_password" "aro" {
  service_principal_id = azuread_service_principal.aro.object_id
}

data "azuread_service_principal" "redhatopenshift" {
  # This is the Azure Red Hat OpenShift RP service principal id, do NOT delete it
  client_id = "f1dd0a37-89c6-4e07-bcd1-ffd3d43d8875"
}


# Assign required permissions to the service principal

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "aro_nw_contributor" {
  principal_id         = azuread_service_principal.aro.object_id
  scope                = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  role_definition_name = "Network Contributor"
}

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "aro_nw_contributor2" {
  principal_id         = data.azuread_service_principal.redhatopenshift.object_id
  scope                = azurerm_virtual_network.this.id
  role_definition_name = "Network Contributor"
}



# This is the module call
module "aro_cluster" {
  source = "../../"

  # API server configuration
  api_server_profile = {
    visibility = "Private"
  }
  # Cluster configuration
  cluster_profile = {
    domain  = local.aro_cluster_domain
    version = "4.16.39" # Adjust as needed
  }
  # Ingress configuration
  ingress_profile = {
    visibility = "Private"
  }
  # Basic configuration
  location = azurerm_resource_group.this.location
  # Master node configuration
  main_profile = {
    subnet_id = azurerm_subnet.master.id
    vm_size   = "Standard_D8s_v3"
  }
  name = local.aro_cluster_name
  # Network configuration
  network_profile = {
    pod_cidr     = "10.128.0.0/14"
    service_cidr = "172.30.0.0/16"
  }
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.this.name
  # Worker node configuration
  worker_profile = {
    subnet_id    = azurerm_subnet.worker.id
    vm_size      = "Standard_D4s_v3"
    node_count   = 3
    disk_size_gb = 128
  }
  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  # Service principal configuration
  service_principal = {
    client_id     = azuread_application.aro.client_id
    client_secret = azuread_service_principal_password.aro.value
  }
  # Timeouts
  timeouts = {
    create = "120m"
    delete = "120m"
    update = "120m"
  }

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor,
    azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor2,
  ]
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azuread"></a> [azuread](#requirement\_azuread) (~> 2.15)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azuread_application.aro](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/application) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal.aro](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal_password.aro](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal_password) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.aro_nw_contributor2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.master](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.worker](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_integer.region_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/integer) (resource)
- [azuread_service_principal.redhatopenshift](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/service_principal) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

## Outputs

No outputs.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_aro_cluster"></a> [aro\_cluster](#module\_aro\_cluster)

Source: ../../

Version:

### <a name="module_naming"></a> [naming](#module\_naming)

Source: Azure/naming/azurerm

Version: 0.4.2

### <a name="module_regions"></a> [regions](#module\_regions)

Source: Azure/regions/azurerm

Version: 0.8.2

---
title: ""
---

> Private example footer. This file exists to satisfy the docs generator.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
